[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>DARRYL ANKA: Hello,
my name is Darryl Anka,
and for the past
40 years, I have
been channeling an
extraterrestrial entity
that we call Bashar.
Bashar is a
first-contact specialist
from his civilization,
which is called Essassani,
which is in a parallel reality.
If we were to overlap
their reality with ours,
his planet would be about 500
light-years in the direction
of the Orion constellation.
He's brought through
a lot of information
to us over the last
40 years, and we're
going to explore and share
some of that information today
in this series.
My experience with
him began in 1973,
when I had two broad
daylight UFO sightings
here over Los Angeles,
which started investigating
the idea of what
that was all about
and led me to the understanding
that Bashar and I have
made an agreement to do this
channeling before this life.
So we would like to present
that information to you
in this series.
[MYSTERIOUS MUSIC]
And I will say good day to
you this day of your time.
How are you?
[EXHALES]
Because it's all
about attracting
what you need more than it is
about attracting what you want.
So how can we
attract what we truly
need to be creative, positive,
constructive, giving, serving
individuals who
live lives of joy?
And the formula has
already been given to you.
Once people begin to
explore their consciousness,
investigate their spirituality,
they often ask, well,
how do we find our path?
How do we know what's true for
us, who our true selves actually
are?
The thing that I appreciate the
most about Bashar's information
is that he has boiled this
down to a very specific set
of actions, a
toolkit, if you will,
that makes it much easier for
us to find our path in life.
To put it simply,
the five principles
involved in this toolkit,
which he calls the Formula,
are as follows, number one,
act on your highest passion.
Number two, act on it
for as long as you can,
taking it as far as
you can until you
can take it no further.
Number three, take these actions
with absolutely no insistence,
no assumption of what the
outcome is supposed to be.
Number four, stay in a positive
state no matter what happens.
And number five, explore
your belief systems
and let go of the fear-based
or negative ones or definitions
that are outdated and
don't work for you anymore.
Now, why does this work?
The reason it works is because
acting on your passion--
passion, what is passion?
What is excitement?
What is that creativity?
What is that attraction?
Bashar explains it as
we have a physical mind
and we have a higher
mind, a non-physical mind.
The non-physical higher
mind is the portion of us
that still exists completely in
spirit, in our natural state.
The portion that guides
us, watches over us
as part of that spirit as
having this physical dream.
So the way that the higher mind
guides us is by speaking to us
and sending us messages, but
because it's non-physical,
it comes in the form of energy.
Our physical bodies translate
that message, that energy,
as the sensation we call
passion, excitement, attraction,
creativity, love.
So when situations come to
us that attract us strongly,
that get us excited, that are
representative of something that
is our passion in life, that
is the higher mind saying,
this is your path.
This is the next step
for you on that path.
This is who you truly are.
This is the vibration
of your true self.
When we are willing to take
action on those things,
on that passion, we are
responding to the higher mind,
saying, yes, I heard you.
It's the actions that
are important, though,
because action is the
language of physical reality,
not words, not thoughts,
but physical actions.
When we take those
physical actions,
we are responding
to the higher mind.
We're saying, I heard you.
I'm willing to believe
that you are guiding me,
that this is truly the
next step on my path,
and I'm willing to jump into it.
I'm willing to explore it.
I'm willing to be
who I truly am,
willing to be who
you have pointed out
to me that I am because this
is my true soul's vibration.
So the idea of acting on it is
the first step in the toolkit.
The willingness to
take that action
is absolutely necessary
to get the ball rolling.
Now, it doesn't have to
be a grand adventure.
It doesn't have to be
a life-spanning career
or some enormous project.
Acting on your passion can be
at a very simple everyday level.
On any given day, you
have a number of things
that you are able
to take action on.
You can take a walk,
you can read a book,
you can talk to a friend,
you can eat a meal,
you can watch a movie.
If you don't have any
life-spanning activity that
really gets you going, you can
start simply and let it build.
So look around to the
abilities, the actions,
the choices that are available
to you to take action on,
on any given day, and find the
one that has even just a tiniest
bit more attractiveness,
even just
the tiniest bit more excitement
in it than any other choice.
Act on that first
to the best you can,
taking it as far as
you can until you
can take it no further.
But the idea is, again, it
can be something simple.
And when you take
action on that first,
then you're allowing
the organizing principle
of synchronicity to
come in and organize
what happens in the next
moment, and the next moment,
and the next moment.
If for some reason, two
things or three things
seem equally exciting, then
you might as well flip a coin
because sometimes
flipping a coin
can actually help you determine
which is more exciting.
You could say, all right,
heads, I'll take path A, tails,
I'll take path B. And you flip
the coin, and it comes up tails,
and you go, oh,
darn, I wish it had
been path A. Oh, I wish
it had been path A.
So that tells you right now that
you have more attractiveness
and more passion about path A.
If after you do that, things
are still equal, still equally
exciting, more than one
thing, you have equal ability
to act on them, then
it doesn't really
matter which path
you take because,
again, the organizing principle
of synchronicity will come in.
And if you are taking the path
and taking the actions that
are not necessarily in your
best interest, synchronicity
will cause
circumstances to happen
that will turn you right back
around to the other path,
because, again, you have to let
synchronicity and the higher
mind be your guide.
You have to listen to them.
The idea of the higher mind
is like a version of yourself
that's standing on the
mountaintop looking down
into the valley.
The physical mind lives
down in the valley.
It can't see around
the next bend.
But the higher mind
can, and therefore,
the higher mind, by sending
you these messages that
contain your vibration of
passion, of who you truly are,
are guiding you to say,
if you act on this,
you will go down the
right path for you.
When you ignore it, when
you don't act on it,
then you could fall into a
hole because you're thinking,
well, I know better, I'm
going to go this way.
And that's not
necessarily the path that
is actually working for you.
When you do not act
on your passion,
then there is no reason
for your higher mind
to send you more opportunities
that contain passion
if you're not willing to act
on what it's already sent you.
So acting on your
passion creates
this sort of snowball effect
and creates this dialogue
between your physical
mind and your higher mind,
and it can keep sending
you more opportunities
to act on your passion, and they
can build and build and become
greater and greater
until your entire life is
just full of passion.
Even if you're acting
on your passion,
on little everyday
things, you're
still acting on the thing that's
the most passionate for you,
the most attractive to you,
the most exciting for you.
And that still can
be a fulfilled life.
So the idea is that when you
do in fact act on this formula
and you act on your passion,
taking it as far as you can
until you can take
it no further.
And you have to make sure
that if the excitement
is waning, that it's
waning naturally,
because it's possible that you
may have fear-based beliefs that
are dampening the excitement
and preventing you
from taking action when you
could actually be following
a very exciting path.
So you have to learn to tell the
difference between excitement
and anxiety.
And if you are allowing the
excitement to wane naturally,
it's not because you're
putting a block on it,
but it's just going
away, fading away,
and you're no longer excited
about that thing you were doing.
Then you look around
for the next thing
that attracts your attention as
strongly, and you act on that.
And when that wanes,
you do the same again,
you look for the next thing.
It's not how the things
look that tell you they're
connected, it's the fact
that they all excited you,
that tells you it's
part of your path.
It's the excitement
that is the link.
It's the thread that you follow.
Sometimes things will look
like they have nothing
to do with one another,
and you might go, well,
how can this be connected to
what I was doing over here?
It has nothing to do with it.
But if it is the
thing that excites
you the most at that
point, it is telling you,
it has everything to do with
everything else that excites you
in life.
And we'll get to the idea of how
those tools work in a moment.
But you have to understand
that sometimes people
assume that their
path of excitement
has to be a straight and
narrow path, from A to Z,
and that's it.
Very often, in fact,
more often than not,
the curving path taking
you over here, the curving
path attracting you over here,
is the path that is actually
the path of least resistance.
It is the shortest
path, the quickest path,
because you may need the
experience you're gaining over
here to fully appreciate
the experience you
are having over here.
And this may lead
you back to it,
but it's the excitement that
tells you need this now,
and it'll reconnect
you over here
because all excitement
is connected
to every other
expression of excitement.
And that's one of the tools
we'll talk about in a moment.
So the idea is to
really trust the flow,
to go with the flow of your
excitement, where it takes you,
because if the straight
and narrow path is really
not your true path,
then there are
going to be obstacles and blocks
there that will slow you down.
And the path that seems like
the long, winding, curving path,
if it is your true path, will
actually be the quickest path
and will allow you
to accelerate and get
where you're going
much, much quicker
than the straight path that
is not truly your path.
So by acting on it to the best
you can, as fully as you can,
using your imagination in
all the ways that you can,
if you don't see an
opportunity to actually create
an opportunity
where necessary, can
be what allows you to act on it
as fully as you can for as long
as you can.
The next point of
that information kit,
that instruction manual, that
is the Formula, because it
literally is an instruction
manual for how we create
our physical reality, is to have
no insistence and no assumption
whatsoever about what
the outcome of acting
on that passion should look
like because the absolute truth
is, while our physical
minds may think
we know what the ideal
outcome is supposed to be,
the truth is, we have absolutely
no clue what that outcome should
look like.
Now, sometimes we might
guess, sometimes, again,
synchronistically,
we might have a hint
and say, OK, it came
out the way I thought
it would, but don't fall into
that trap of thinking it always
must because your physical
mind is not as aware
and doesn't have
as much information
as the higher mind does.
And something that
needs to happen
that is truly to your benefit
can look very different
than the way you
thought it should look.
So any insistence on what
the outcome should look like
can actually be an impediment
to you getting what you truly
need in life at that moment.
And sometimes you
may need to attract
something you don't prefer.
The idea is that the
next principle, staying
in a positive state, no
matter what manifests,
is what works now
if that happens
because even if
something manifests
that you don't prefer--
and I don't mean that as
in a positive/negative way,
as a value judgment.
I mean, you recognize neutrally
that it is simply vibrationally
incompatible with who you are.
It is just not you.
It's not part of what
you prefer in life.
But staying in a
positive state will
allow you to use that
manifestation in the way that
will benefit you in great
ways, if nothing else,
allowing yourself to say,
all right, this manifested.
It's not what I prefer, but
it's got to be here for a reason
or it wouldn't have happened,
allows you to use it
in a positive way.
And it could be as
simple as saying, now
that I have seen what
I don't prefer, then
by contrast, that tells me
more clearly what I do prefer.
And that is a
positive way to use
what you don't prefer
because now you've
used it up for the
reason that it's there,
and so it'll go away.
You've used up its purpose,
and you can move on.
Bashar says this is
really just physics.
It's what you put out
is what you get back.
You cannot perceive something
you're not the vibration
of first.
So if you go into a
negative response,
a negative reaction
to something that
manifests that you don't
prefer, all you're doing
is matching the
negative frequency,
and you're reinforcing
the negative experience.
If you stay in a positive state,
you'll be capable of inspiring
yourself to know how to use
that thing that you don't prefer
in a positive way because
you cannot perceive even
inspirations, even ideas or
imaginations that are not
relevant to the
frequency that you're on.
So you have to stay
in a positive state
to be able to even
conceive of how to use
that thing in a positive way.
That's the importance
of that particular step.
And of course, the fifth
step, really exploring,
diving deep down
into what you believe
to be true about yourself in
the situation that's happening.
It's very important
to understand
that your beliefs create
your experiential reality.
And if you have fear-based
beliefs, negative beliefs,
negative definitions
about what's
going on in the experience,
then again, all you're doing
is reinforcing the
negative experience.
So the idea is to really
let go of those things,
to ask yourself,
why do I believe
this to be true about myself?
Why do I believe
this fear-based idea?
So to examine how you got there,
where you learned it from,
and to really understand
that once you realize
it has probably
nothing to do with you,
you picked up these
kinds of things
as you were growing up from
your family, your friends,
your schooling, your society,
and that they have more
often to do with
other people's issues
than they have to do
with you, then you
can realize that these
fear-based beliefs
you might have about
yourself, lack of self-worth,
lack of deservability,
things like that,
are really nonsensical.
They have absolutely
nothing to do with the power
that you contain as
an aspect of creation.
And you can realize
that once something
is seen as nonsensical, it
just doesn't make sense.
It's gone.
That's the end of letting it go.
The idea of a habit
is something you
do you don't know you're doing.
Once you know you're doing it,
it's not a habit, it's a choice.
And if you keep choosing
things that you don't prefer,
you ask yourself why.
Why do I believe
this to be true?
Why do I keep choosing this?
You now made it a
conscious choice.
Now you have control over it.
Now you're in the driver's seat.
Bashar explains this as
the motivational mechanism
that we all have.
The motivational mechanism works
like this, it's very simple,
and there are no exceptions.
What you believe benefits
you, you will move toward.
What you believe
does not benefit you,
you will move away from.
So if you see that you
are choosing things
that don't benefit
you, that can only
mean one thing,
if you understand
the motivational mechanism.
It means you have a belief that
is making that thing seem more
beneficial than the
alternative or make
the alternative seem worse
than what you're already doing.
So you have to ask
yourself, well,
if I'm saying that
following my passion
and following my excitement
would cause something
to happen that is worse
than what's happening now,
why would I believe that?
Because if you do believe
that something bad will happen
by acting on your passion,
you will do everything
in your power to avoid
acting on your passion.
You will avoid
that because that's
the motivational
mechanism at work.
You have to understand
why you would believe
that to be true and see that it
is actually a nonsensical belief
because if you look
around in the world
and you see people
doing things that
are similar to what you would
be passionate doing, well,
if they can do it, why not you?
What is standing in
your way is nothing
but what you believe to
be true about yourself.
So it's very important to
examine those fear-based beliefs
and find out why you're
holding on to that.
And very often, when you do
a deep examination of them,
you will find that
why you believe
it really doesn't hold up.
It really is nonsensical.
And once something doesn't make
sense, you don't hold on to it
anymore.
It's gone.
That's the end of it.
Therefore, following that
formula, acting on your passion,
carrying it out to the best
you can for as long as you can,
no insistence, no assumption,
staying in a positive state
no matter what manifests, and
examining your belief systems,
that is the entire
instruction manual.
Now, Bashar can go into this.
I can go into this much deeper.
We can examine all the
details about this.
And one of the most important
things to understand
is that when you do actually
start using this instruction
manual and applying it to your
life, magical things happen.
Synchronicity opens
up to you, and that's
one of the tools that
automatically springs forth
when you, in fact,
follow this formula.
The first most important thing
is that energy comes to you.
It becomes the driving
engine of your life.
You can't wait to
get up in the morning
and do this thing
you're passionate about.
You find energy you
never had before.
The second thing,
as I already said,
is synchronicity becomes
abundant in your life
in a magical way.
It becomes literally
the organizing principle
of your life.
It literally organizes
the things you need to do,
the things you need to act
on in the order in which you
need to act on them.
And if you didn't have
time at the end of the day
when you're passionate about
being tired and going to sleep,
you didn't need to
do them that day.
Synchronicity truly
organizes your day.
It becomes the path
of least resistance.
Everything becomes
an effortless action.
It becomes less of a struggle.
It becomes the
path of connection
that connects you to all
experiences of your passion
that are important for
you to experience in life.
And it does this
in perfect timing,
so you don't need
to be impatient,
when's this going to happen?
When's that going to happen?
It will come to you
in perfect timing
if it is representative of who
you truly are, representative
of your passion.
It is the thing that will
actually support you in life.
There are many forms of
abundance in reality.
Money on our planet
may be one form
of exchange, one
symbol of abundance,
but it's not the only form.
Synchronicity is a
form of abundance.
Imagination is a
Having something to trade
is a form of abundance.
Being given a gift is
a form of abundance.
Communication is a
form of abundance.
These things can
bring other ideas
into your head that may
make something possible
you thought was impossible
unless you figure out a way
to do it in a different way.
The last tool in the kit
is the reflective mirror,
and as you are acting
on your passion,
the reflective mirror
will bring up anything
within you, any belief system
that is out of alignment
with your core vibration,
with who you truly are,
and it will get
you to face that.
It will bring to your
attention that you
may be holding on to a belief
that doesn't work for you,
and that gives you the
opportunity to let it go.
So you have to see
that experience
that the reflective mirror
brings to you in reminding you
of that, out of
alignment belief,
not as an interruption
in your passion,
but as part of your excitement
because if you discover
something that is
out of alignment,
then you have something to work
with, you have something to let
go of.
And this also brings
us to the idea
called the law of attraction.
Now, it's not
wrong that you have
to be of a certain frequency
to attract certain things,
but the law of attraction,
as it has often
been explained on Earth,
is a little bit misleading
because people are
taught to think
they have to learn to be
the vibration of something.
You don't have to learn to
be the vibration of what
you need in life.
Your core frequency is
radiating from you all the time
and automatically attracting
all the things you truly need.
The idea is to get
out of its way,
to let go of the belief systems
that are blocking your core
frequency from bringing
you what you need in life.
That is the exercise
that needs to happen.
It's not about having
to learn to attract.
It's about having to learn
to let go and let in,
to allow those things
to come to you,
to allow your core
frequency to bring you
what you need for a
joyful and fulfilled life.
Very often, when
people are searching,
they may experience
anxiety in their life,
even to the point of panic.
But again, the idea is
that these experiences only
come from holding on to beliefs
that are out of alignment
with who you are.
It's, why it's so important
to get in touch with what
you believe to be true about
yourself in any given situation,
because if you're panicked
about something, by digging down
into your belief system, you
will usually find that you have
an idea that something
horrible, something worse
is going to happen.
You really have to look at
that closely and find out
why you would believe
that to be true
and why you're
holding on to that.
Sometimes people will hold on
to the most negative things
because they have other
beliefs attached to it
that if they let go
of that, not only will
something worse happen, but they
might dishonor their parents.
They might not have
any friends anymore
because they'll be too different
or some idea like that.
All of these ideas that we've
been fed that prevent you
from being who you are, are
what causes anxiety, what causes
your energy to be filtered
through those negative beliefs
because that's all it is.
You only have a 100% energy.
When you flow your
energy through beliefs
that are in alignment
with who you truly are,
you experience your energy
as uplifting, as joyful.
When you filter your energy
through belief systems that
are out of alignment
with who you are,
that's when you experience it
as anxiety, as fear, as panic.
The idea is to make fear
your friend, to understand
that the only reason
you would feel fear
is that fear is
telling you, hey,
you're flowing your
energy through a belief
that's out of alignment
with who you are.
I'm letting you know that.
I'm knocking on your door.
Now, if you are
too afraid to face
that, if you're too afraid to
go investigating that, then
fear will knock louder and
louder and louder going
into the idea of
panic mode and all
that because it's trying to
get your attention to tell you
you're holding on to a belief
that simply doesn't work
for you, that's simply
not true for you,
and it's to your benefit
to really let it go.
And the panic will
vanish, the fear
will vanish, the
anxiety will vanish,
if you understand
that that's all
you're doing is feeling
the effect of flowing
your energy through a filtering
system that's out of alignment
with who you truly are.